jun 13, 2019 10:52:20 PRIJE PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.Alert.createSSLException(Alert.java:127)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:320)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:263)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:258)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.handleException(SSLSocketImpl.java:1342)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:844)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.ServerThread.run(ServerThread.java:62)
	Suppressed: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset by peer: socket write error
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite0(Native Method)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite(SocketOutputStream.java:110)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.write(SocketOutputStream.java:150)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketOutputRecord.encodeAlert(SSLSocketOutputRecord.java:81)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:351)
		... 12 more
Caused by: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.read(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:448)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.bytesInCompletePacket(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:68)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readApplicationRecord(SSLSocketImpl.java:1132)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:828)
	... 8 more

jun 13, 2019 10:55:39 PRIJE PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.Alert.createSSLException(Alert.java:127)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:320)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:263)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:258)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.handleException(SSLSocketImpl.java:1342)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:844)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.ServerThread.run(ServerThread.java:62)
	Suppressed: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset by peer: socket write error
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite0(Native Method)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite(SocketOutputStream.java:110)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.write(SocketOutputStream.java:150)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketOutputRecord.encodeAlert(SSLSocketOutputRecord.java:81)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:351)
		... 12 more
Caused by: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.read(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:448)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.bytesInCompletePacket(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:68)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readApplicationRecord(SSLSocketImpl.java:1132)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:828)
	... 8 more

jun 13, 2019 11:12:07 PRIJE PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.Alert.createSSLException(Alert.java:127)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:320)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:263)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:258)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.handleException(SSLSocketImpl.java:1342)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:844)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.ServerThread.run(ServerThread.java:62)
	Suppressed: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset by peer: socket write error
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite0(Native Method)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite(SocketOutputStream.java:110)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.write(SocketOutputStream.java:150)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketOutputRecord.encodeAlert(SSLSocketOutputRecord.java:81)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:351)
		... 12 more
Caused by: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.read(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:448)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.bytesInCompletePacket(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:68)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readApplicationRecord(SSLSocketImpl.java:1132)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:828)
	... 8 more

jun 13, 2019 2:59:31 PO PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.Alert.createSSLException(Alert.java:127)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:320)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:263)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:258)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.handleException(SSLSocketImpl.java:1342)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:844)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.ServerThread.run(ServerThread.java:62)
	Suppressed: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset by peer: socket write error
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite0(Native Method)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite(SocketOutputStream.java:110)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.write(SocketOutputStream.java:150)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketOutputRecord.encodeAlert(SSLSocketOutputRecord.java:81)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:351)
		... 12 more
Caused by: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.read(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:448)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.bytesInCompletePacket(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:68)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readApplicationRecord(SSLSocketImpl.java:1132)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:828)
	... 8 more

jun 13, 2019 3:42:26 PO PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.Alert.createSSLException(Alert.java:127)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:320)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:263)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:258)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.handleException(SSLSocketImpl.java:1342)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:844)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.ServerThread.run(ServerThread.java:62)
	Suppressed: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset by peer: socket write error
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite0(Native Method)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite(SocketOutputStream.java:110)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.write(SocketOutputStream.java:150)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketOutputRecord.encodeAlert(SSLSocketOutputRecord.java:81)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:351)
		... 12 more
Caused by: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.read(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:448)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.bytesInCompletePacket(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:68)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readApplicationRecord(SSLSocketImpl.java:1132)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:828)
	... 8 more

jun 13, 2019 3:48:48 PO PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.Alert.createSSLException(Alert.java:127)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:320)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:263)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:258)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.handleException(SSLSocketImpl.java:1342)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:844)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.ServerThread.run(ServerThread.java:62)
	Suppressed: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset by peer: socket write error
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite0(Native Method)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite(SocketOutputStream.java:110)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.write(SocketOutputStream.java:150)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketOutputRecord.encodeAlert(SSLSocketOutputRecord.java:81)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:351)
		... 12 more
Caused by: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.read(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:448)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.bytesInCompletePacket(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:68)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readApplicationRecord(SSLSocketImpl.java:1132)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:828)
	... 8 more

jun 13, 2019 3:48:48 PO PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.Alert.createSSLException(Alert.java:127)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:320)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:263)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:258)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.handleException(SSLSocketImpl.java:1342)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:844)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.ServerThread.run(ServerThread.java:62)
	Suppressed: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset by peer: socket write error
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite0(Native Method)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite(SocketOutputStream.java:110)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.write(SocketOutputStream.java:150)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketOutputRecord.encodeAlert(SSLSocketOutputRecord.java:81)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:351)
		... 12 more
Caused by: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.read(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:448)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.bytesInCompletePacket(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:68)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readApplicationRecord(SSLSocketImpl.java:1132)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:828)
	... 8 more

jun 13, 2019 3:58:48 PO PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.Alert.createSSLException(Alert.java:127)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:320)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:263)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:258)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.handleException(SSLSocketImpl.java:1342)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:844)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.ServerThread.run(ServerThread.java:62)
	Suppressed: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset by peer: socket write error
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite0(Native Method)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite(SocketOutputStream.java:110)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.write(SocketOutputStream.java:150)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketOutputRecord.encodeAlert(SSLSocketOutputRecord.java:81)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:351)
		... 12 more
Caused by: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.read(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:448)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.bytesInCompletePacket(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:68)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readApplicationRecord(SSLSocketImpl.java:1132)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:828)
	... 8 more

jun 13, 2019 4:01:56 PO PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.Alert.createSSLException(Alert.java:127)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:320)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:263)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:258)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.handleException(SSLSocketImpl.java:1342)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:844)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.ServerThread.run(ServerThread.java:62)
	Suppressed: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset by peer: socket write error
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite0(Native Method)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite(SocketOutputStream.java:110)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.write(SocketOutputStream.java:150)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketOutputRecord.encodeAlert(SSLSocketOutputRecord.java:81)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:351)
		... 12 more
Caused by: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.read(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:448)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.bytesInCompletePacket(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:68)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readApplicationRecord(SSLSocketImpl.java:1132)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:828)
	... 8 more

jun 13, 2019 4:04:45 PO PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.Alert.createSSLException(Alert.java:127)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:320)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:263)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:258)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.handleException(SSLSocketImpl.java:1342)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:844)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.ServerThread.run(ServerThread.java:62)
	Suppressed: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset by peer: socket write error
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite0(Native Method)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite(SocketOutputStream.java:110)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.write(SocketOutputStream.java:150)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketOutputRecord.encodeAlert(SSLSocketOutputRecord.java:81)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:351)
		... 12 more
Caused by: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.read(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:448)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.bytesInCompletePacket(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:68)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readApplicationRecord(SSLSocketImpl.java:1132)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:828)
	... 8 more

jun 13, 2019 4:06:54 PO PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.Alert.createSSLException(Alert.java:127)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:320)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:263)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:258)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.handleException(SSLSocketImpl.java:1342)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:844)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.ServerThread.run(ServerThread.java:62)
	Suppressed: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset by peer: socket write error
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite0(Native Method)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite(SocketOutputStream.java:110)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.write(SocketOutputStream.java:150)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketOutputRecord.encodeAlert(SSLSocketOutputRecord.java:81)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:351)
		... 12 more
Caused by: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.read(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:448)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.bytesInCompletePacket(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:68)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readApplicationRecord(SSLSocketImpl.java:1132)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:828)
	... 8 more

jun 13, 2019 4:08:21 PO PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.Alert.createSSLException(Alert.java:127)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:320)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:263)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:258)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.handleException(SSLSocketImpl.java:1342)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:844)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.ServerThread.run(ServerThread.java:62)
	Suppressed: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset by peer: socket write error
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite0(Native Method)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite(SocketOutputStream.java:110)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.write(SocketOutputStream.java:150)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketOutputRecord.encodeAlert(SSLSocketOutputRecord.java:81)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:351)
		... 12 more
Caused by: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.read(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:448)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.bytesInCompletePacket(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:68)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readApplicationRecord(SSLSocketImpl.java:1132)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:828)
	... 8 more

jun 14, 2019 9:49:14 PRIJE PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.MonitorThread.run(MonitorThread.java:69)

jun 14, 2019 9:49:14 PRIJE PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.Alert.createSSLException(Alert.java:127)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:320)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:263)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:258)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.handleException(SSLSocketImpl.java:1342)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:844)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.ServerThread.run(ServerThread.java:179)
	Suppressed: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset by peer: socket write error
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite0(Native Method)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite(SocketOutputStream.java:110)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.write(SocketOutputStream.java:150)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketOutputRecord.encodeAlert(SSLSocketOutputRecord.java:81)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:351)
		... 12 more
Caused by: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.read(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:448)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.bytesInCompletePacket(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:68)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readApplicationRecord(SSLSocketImpl.java:1132)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:828)
	... 8 more

jun 14, 2019 9:52:45 PRIJE PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.MonitorThread.run(MonitorThread.java:69)

jun 14, 2019 9:52:45 PRIJE PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.Alert.createSSLException(Alert.java:127)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:320)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:263)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:258)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.handleException(SSLSocketImpl.java:1342)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:844)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.ServerThread.run(ServerThread.java:62)
	Suppressed: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset by peer: socket write error
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite0(Native Method)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite(SocketOutputStream.java:110)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.write(SocketOutputStream.java:150)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketOutputRecord.encodeAlert(SSLSocketOutputRecord.java:81)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:351)
		... 12 more
Caused by: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.read(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:448)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.bytesInCompletePacket(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:68)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readApplicationRecord(SSLSocketImpl.java:1132)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:828)
	... 8 more

jun 14, 2019 9:55:24 PRIJE PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.MonitorThread.run(MonitorThread.java:69)

jun 14, 2019 9:55:24 PRIJE PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.Alert.createSSLException(Alert.java:127)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:320)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:263)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:258)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.handleException(SSLSocketImpl.java:1342)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:844)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.ServerThread.run(ServerThread.java:179)
	Suppressed: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset by peer: socket write error
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite0(Native Method)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite(SocketOutputStream.java:110)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.write(SocketOutputStream.java:150)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketOutputRecord.encodeAlert(SSLSocketOutputRecord.java:81)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:351)
		... 12 more
Caused by: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.read(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:448)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.bytesInCompletePacket(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:68)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readApplicationRecord(SSLSocketImpl.java:1132)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:828)
	... 8 more

jun 14, 2019 9:57:02 PRIJE PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.Alert.createSSLException(Alert.java:127)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:320)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:263)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:258)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.handleException(SSLSocketImpl.java:1342)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:844)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.ServerThread.run(ServerThread.java:179)
	Suppressed: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset by peer: socket write error
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite0(Native Method)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite(SocketOutputStream.java:110)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.write(SocketOutputStream.java:150)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketOutputRecord.encodeAlert(SSLSocketOutputRecord.java:81)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:351)
		... 12 more
Caused by: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.read(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:448)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.bytesInCompletePacket(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:68)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readApplicationRecord(SSLSocketImpl.java:1132)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:828)
	... 8 more

jun 14, 2019 9:57:02 PRIJE PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.MonitorThread.run(MonitorThread.java:69)

jun 14, 2019 9:57:10 PRIJE PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.MonitorThread$1.run(MonitorThread.java:57)

jun 14, 2019 9:57:10 PRIJE PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.MonitorThread$1.run(MonitorThread.java:57)

jun 14, 2019 9:57:10 PRIJE PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.MonitorThread$1.run(MonitorThread.java:57)

jun 14, 2019 9:57:10 PRIJE PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.MonitorThread$1.run(MonitorThread.java:57)

jun 14, 2019 10:00:34 PRIJE PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.MonitorThread.run(MonitorThread.java:69)

jun 14, 2019 10:00:37 PRIJE PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.MonitorThread$1.run(MonitorThread.java:57)

jun 14, 2019 11:35:08 PRIJE PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.Alert.createSSLException(Alert.java:127)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:320)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:263)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:258)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.handleException(SSLSocketImpl.java:1342)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:844)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.ServerThread.run(ServerThread.java:62)
	Suppressed: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset by peer: socket write error
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite0(Native Method)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite(SocketOutputStream.java:110)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.write(SocketOutputStream.java:150)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketOutputRecord.encodeAlert(SSLSocketOutputRecord.java:81)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:351)
		... 12 more
Caused by: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.read(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:448)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.bytesInCompletePacket(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:68)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readApplicationRecord(SSLSocketImpl.java:1132)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:828)
	... 8 more

jun 14, 2019 11:41:20 PRIJE PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.Alert.createSSLException(Alert.java:127)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:320)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:263)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:258)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.handleException(SSLSocketImpl.java:1342)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:844)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.ServerThread.run(ServerThread.java:62)
	Suppressed: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset by peer: socket write error
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite0(Native Method)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite(SocketOutputStream.java:110)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.write(SocketOutputStream.java:150)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketOutputRecord.encodeAlert(SSLSocketOutputRecord.java:81)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:351)
		... 12 more
Caused by: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.read(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:448)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.bytesInCompletePacket(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:68)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readApplicationRecord(SSLSocketImpl.java:1132)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:828)
	... 8 more

jun 14, 2019 11:44:21 PRIJE PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.Alert.createSSLException(Alert.java:127)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:320)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:263)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:258)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.handleException(SSLSocketImpl.java:1342)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:844)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.ServerThread.run(ServerThread.java:62)
	Suppressed: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset by peer: socket write error
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite0(Native Method)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite(SocketOutputStream.java:110)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.write(SocketOutputStream.java:150)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketOutputRecord.encodeAlert(SSLSocketOutputRecord.java:81)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:351)
		... 12 more
Caused by: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.read(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:448)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.bytesInCompletePacket(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:68)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readApplicationRecord(SSLSocketImpl.java:1132)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:828)
	... 8 more

jun 14, 2019 11:51:45 PRIJE PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.Alert.createSSLException(Alert.java:127)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:320)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:263)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:258)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.handleException(SSLSocketImpl.java:1342)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:844)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.ServerThread.run(ServerThread.java:62)
	Suppressed: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset by peer: socket write error
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite0(Native Method)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite(SocketOutputStream.java:110)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.write(SocketOutputStream.java:150)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketOutputRecord.encodeAlert(SSLSocketOutputRecord.java:81)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:351)
		... 12 more
Caused by: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.read(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:448)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.bytesInCompletePacket(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:68)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readApplicationRecord(SSLSocketImpl.java:1132)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:828)
	... 8 more

jun 14, 2019 11:56:24 PRIJE PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.Alert.createSSLException(Alert.java:127)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:320)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:263)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:258)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.handleException(SSLSocketImpl.java:1342)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:844)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.ServerThread.run(ServerThread.java:62)
	Suppressed: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset by peer: socket write error
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite0(Native Method)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite(SocketOutputStream.java:110)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.write(SocketOutputStream.java:150)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketOutputRecord.encodeAlert(SSLSocketOutputRecord.java:81)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:351)
		... 12 more
Caused by: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.read(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:448)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.bytesInCompletePacket(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:68)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readApplicationRecord(SSLSocketImpl.java:1132)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:828)
	... 8 more

jun 14, 2019 12:05:56 PO PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.Alert.createSSLException(Alert.java:127)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:320)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:263)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:258)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.handleException(SSLSocketImpl.java:1342)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:844)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.ServerThread.run(ServerThread.java:62)
	Suppressed: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset by peer: socket write error
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite0(Native Method)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite(SocketOutputStream.java:110)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.write(SocketOutputStream.java:150)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketOutputRecord.encodeAlert(SSLSocketOutputRecord.java:81)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:351)
		... 12 more
Caused by: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.read(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:448)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.bytesInCompletePacket(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:68)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readApplicationRecord(SSLSocketImpl.java:1132)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:828)
	... 8 more

jun 14, 2019 12:47:27 PO PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.Alert.createSSLException(Alert.java:127)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:320)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:263)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:258)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.handleException(SSLSocketImpl.java:1342)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:844)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.ServerThread.run(ServerThread.java:62)
	Suppressed: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset by peer: socket write error
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite0(Native Method)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite(SocketOutputStream.java:110)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.write(SocketOutputStream.java:150)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketOutputRecord.encodeAlert(SSLSocketOutputRecord.java:81)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:351)
		... 12 more
Caused by: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.read(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:448)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.bytesInCompletePacket(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:68)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readApplicationRecord(SSLSocketImpl.java:1132)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:828)
	... 8 more

jun 14, 2019 12:58:31 PO PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.Alert.createSSLException(Alert.java:127)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:320)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:263)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:258)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.handleException(SSLSocketImpl.java:1342)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:844)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.ServerThread.run(ServerThread.java:62)
	Suppressed: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset by peer: socket write error
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite0(Native Method)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite(SocketOutputStream.java:110)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.write(SocketOutputStream.java:150)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketOutputRecord.encodeAlert(SSLSocketOutputRecord.java:81)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:351)
		... 12 more
Caused by: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.read(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:448)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.bytesInCompletePacket(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:68)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readApplicationRecord(SSLSocketImpl.java:1132)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:828)
	... 8 more

jun 14, 2019 12:58:31 PO PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.Alert.createSSLException(Alert.java:127)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:320)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:263)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:258)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.handleException(SSLSocketImpl.java:1342)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:844)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.ServerThread.run(ServerThread.java:62)
	Suppressed: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset by peer: socket write error
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite0(Native Method)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite(SocketOutputStream.java:110)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.write(SocketOutputStream.java:150)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketOutputRecord.encodeAlert(SSLSocketOutputRecord.java:81)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:351)
		... 12 more
Caused by: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.read(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:448)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.bytesInCompletePacket(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:68)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readApplicationRecord(SSLSocketImpl.java:1132)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:828)
	... 8 more

jun 14, 2019 1:27:07 PO PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.Alert.createSSLException(Alert.java:127)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:320)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:263)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:258)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.handleException(SSLSocketImpl.java:1342)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:844)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.ServerThread.run(ServerThread.java:62)
	Suppressed: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset by peer: socket write error
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite0(Native Method)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite(SocketOutputStream.java:110)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.write(SocketOutputStream.java:150)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketOutputRecord.encodeAlert(SSLSocketOutputRecord.java:81)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:351)
		... 12 more
Caused by: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.read(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:448)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.bytesInCompletePacket(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:68)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readApplicationRecord(SSLSocketImpl.java:1132)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:828)
	... 8 more

jun 14, 2019 2:05:37 PO PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.Alert.createSSLException(Alert.java:127)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:320)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:263)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:258)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.handleException(SSLSocketImpl.java:1342)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:844)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.ServerThread.run(ServerThread.java:62)
	Suppressed: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset by peer: socket write error
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite0(Native Method)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite(SocketOutputStream.java:110)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.write(SocketOutputStream.java:150)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketOutputRecord.encodeAlert(SSLSocketOutputRecord.java:81)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:351)
		... 12 more
Caused by: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.read(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:448)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.bytesInCompletePacket(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:68)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readApplicationRecord(SSLSocketImpl.java:1132)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:828)
	... 8 more

jun 14, 2019 2:05:39 PO PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.Alert.createSSLException(Alert.java:127)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:320)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:263)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:258)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.handleException(SSLSocketImpl.java:1342)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:844)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.ServerThread.run(ServerThread.java:62)
	Suppressed: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset by peer: socket write error
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite0(Native Method)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite(SocketOutputStream.java:110)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.write(SocketOutputStream.java:150)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketOutputRecord.encodeAlert(SSLSocketOutputRecord.java:81)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:351)
		... 12 more
Caused by: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.read(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:448)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.bytesInCompletePacket(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:68)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readApplicationRecord(SSLSocketImpl.java:1132)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:828)
	... 8 more

jun 14, 2019 3:20:15 PO PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.Alert.createSSLException(Alert.java:127)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:320)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:263)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:258)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.handleException(SSLSocketImpl.java:1342)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:844)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.ServerThread.run(ServerThread.java:62)
	Suppressed: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset by peer: socket write error
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite0(Native Method)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite(SocketOutputStream.java:110)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.write(SocketOutputStream.java:150)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketOutputRecord.encodeAlert(SSLSocketOutputRecord.java:81)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:351)
		... 12 more
Caused by: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.read(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:448)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.bytesInCompletePacket(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:68)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readApplicationRecord(SSLSocketImpl.java:1132)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:828)
	... 8 more

jun 14, 2019 3:30:01 PO PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.Alert.createSSLException(Alert.java:127)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:320)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:263)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:258)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.handleException(SSLSocketImpl.java:1342)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:844)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.ServerThread.run(ServerThread.java:62)
	Suppressed: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset by peer: socket write error
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite0(Native Method)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite(SocketOutputStream.java:110)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.write(SocketOutputStream.java:150)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketOutputRecord.encodeAlert(SSLSocketOutputRecord.java:81)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:351)
		... 12 more
Caused by: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.read(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:448)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.bytesInCompletePacket(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:68)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readApplicationRecord(SSLSocketImpl.java:1132)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:828)
	... 8 more

jun 14, 2019 3:41:33 PO PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.MonitorThread.run(MonitorThread.java:69)

jun 14, 2019 3:43:03 PO PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.Alert.createSSLException(Alert.java:127)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:320)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:263)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:258)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.handleException(SSLSocketImpl.java:1342)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:844)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.ServerThread.run(ServerThread.java:62)
	Suppressed: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset by peer: socket write error
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite0(Native Method)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite(SocketOutputStream.java:110)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.write(SocketOutputStream.java:150)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketOutputRecord.encodeAlert(SSLSocketOutputRecord.java:81)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:351)
		... 12 more
Caused by: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.read(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:448)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.bytesInCompletePacket(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:68)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readApplicationRecord(SSLSocketImpl.java:1132)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:828)
	... 8 more

jun 14, 2019 3:43:04 PO PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.MonitorThread$1.run(MonitorThread.java:57)

jun 14, 2019 3:48:03 PO PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
javax.net.ssl.SSLException: Connection reset
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.Alert.createSSLException(Alert.java:127)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:320)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:263)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:258)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.handleException(SSLSocketImpl.java:1342)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:844)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.ServerThread.run(ServerThread.java:62)
	Suppressed: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset by peer: socket write error
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite0(Native Method)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.socketWrite(SocketOutputStream.java:110)
		at java.base/java.net.SocketOutputStream.write(SocketOutputStream.java:150)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketOutputRecord.encodeAlert(SSLSocketOutputRecord.java:81)
		at java.base/sun.security.ssl.TransportContext.fatal(TransportContext.java:351)
		... 12 more
Caused by: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.read(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:448)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketInputRecord.bytesInCompletePacket(SSLSocketInputRecord.java:68)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readApplicationRecord(SSLSocketImpl.java:1132)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl$AppInputStream.read(SSLSocketImpl.java:828)
	... 8 more

jun 14, 2019 4:17:34 PO PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.MonitorThread.run(MonitorThread.java:65)

jun 14, 2019 4:30:34 PO PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: java.net.BindException: Address already in use: NET_Bind
java.net.BindException: Address already in use: NET_Bind
	at java.base/java.net.PlainSocketImpl.bind0(Native Method)
	at java.base/java.net.PlainSocketImpl.socketBind(PlainSocketImpl.java:132)
	at java.base/java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl.bind(AbstractPlainSocketImpl.java:436)
	at java.base/java.net.ServerSocket.bind(ServerSocket.java:386)
	at java.base/java.net.ServerSocket.<init>(ServerSocket.java:248)
	at java.base/java.net.ServerSocket.<init>(ServerSocket.java:140)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.Server$1.run(Server.java:39)

jun 14, 2019 4:30:35 PO PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: java.net.BindException: Address already in use: NET_Bind
java.net.BindException: Address already in use: NET_Bind
	at java.base/java.net.PlainSocketImpl.bind0(Native Method)
	at java.base/java.net.PlainSocketImpl.socketBind(PlainSocketImpl.java:132)
	at java.base/java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl.bind(AbstractPlainSocketImpl.java:436)
	at java.base/java.net.ServerSocket.bind(ServerSocket.java:386)
	at java.base/java.net.ServerSocket.<init>(ServerSocket.java:248)
	at java.base/java.net.ServerSocket.<init>(ServerSocket.java:192)
	at java.base/javax.net.ssl.SSLServerSocket.<init>(SSLServerSocket.java:136)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLServerSocketImpl.<init>(SSLServerSocketImpl.java:71)
	at java.base/sun.security.ssl.SSLServerSocketFactoryImpl.createServerSocket(SSLServerSocketFactoryImpl.java:73)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.Server.main(Server.java:55)

jun 15, 2019 10:19:00 PRIJE PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.MonitorThread$1.run(MonitorThread.java:57)

jun 15, 2019 10:37:42 PRIJE PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.MonitorThread.run(MonitorThread.java:68)

jun 15, 2019 10:42:21 PRIJE PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.MonitorThread$1.run(MonitorThread.java:57)

jun 15, 2019 10:44:33 PRIJE PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.MonitorThread.run(MonitorThread.java:68)

jun 15, 2019 11:31:03 PRIJE PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:186)
	at java.base/java.net.SocketInputStream.read(SocketInputStream.java:140)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.readBytes(StreamDecoder.java:284)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.implRead(StreamDecoder.java:326)
	at java.base/sun.nio.cs.StreamDecoder.read(StreamDecoder.java:178)
	at java.base/java.io.InputStreamReader.read(InputStreamReader.java:185)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.fill(BufferedReader.java:161)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:326)
	at java.base/java.io.BufferedReader.readLine(BufferedReader.java:392)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.MonitorThread.run(MonitorThread.java:68)

jun 15, 2019 12:20:54 PO PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: java.net.ConnectException: Connection timed out: connect
java.net.ConnectException: Connection timed out: connect
	at java.base/java.net.PlainSocketImpl.connect0(Native Method)
	at java.base/java.net.PlainSocketImpl.socketConnect(PlainSocketImpl.java:101)
	at java.base/java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl.doConnect(AbstractPlainSocketImpl.java:399)
	at java.base/java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl.connectToAddress(AbstractPlainSocketImpl.java:242)
	at java.base/java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl.connect(AbstractPlainSocketImpl.java:224)
	at java.base/java.net.SocksSocketImpl.connect(SocksSocketImpl.java:403)
	at java.base/java.net.Socket.connect(Socket.java:591)
	at java.base/java.net.Socket.connect(Socket.java:540)
	at java.base/java.net.Socket.<init>(Socket.java:436)
	at java.base/java.net.Socket.<init>(Socket.java:246)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.MonitorThread.run(MonitorThread.java:50)

jun 15, 2019 12:21:09 PO PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: java.net.ConnectException: Connection timed out: connect
java.net.ConnectException: Connection timed out: connect
	at java.base/java.net.PlainSocketImpl.connect0(Native Method)
	at java.base/java.net.PlainSocketImpl.socketConnect(PlainSocketImpl.java:101)
	at java.base/java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl.doConnect(AbstractPlainSocketImpl.java:399)
	at java.base/java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl.connectToAddress(AbstractPlainSocketImpl.java:242)
	at java.base/java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl.connect(AbstractPlainSocketImpl.java:224)
	at java.base/java.net.SocksSocketImpl.connect(SocksSocketImpl.java:403)
	at java.base/java.net.Socket.connect(Socket.java:591)
	at java.base/java.net.Socket.connect(Socket.java:540)
	at java.base/java.net.Socket.<init>(Socket.java:436)
	at java.base/java.net.Socket.<init>(Socket.java:246)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.MonitorThread.run(MonitorThread.java:50)

jun 15, 2019 12:21:51 PO PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: java.net.ConnectException: Connection timed out: connect
java.net.ConnectException: Connection timed out: connect
	at java.base/java.net.PlainSocketImpl.connect0(Native Method)
	at java.base/java.net.PlainSocketImpl.socketConnect(PlainSocketImpl.java:101)
	at java.base/java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl.doConnect(AbstractPlainSocketImpl.java:399)
	at java.base/java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl.connectToAddress(AbstractPlainSocketImpl.java:242)
	at java.base/java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl.connect(AbstractPlainSocketImpl.java:224)
	at java.base/java.net.SocksSocketImpl.connect(SocksSocketImpl.java:403)
	at java.base/java.net.Socket.connect(Socket.java:591)
	at java.base/java.net.Socket.connect(Socket.java:540)
	at java.base/java.net.Socket.<init>(Socket.java:436)
	at java.base/java.net.Socket.<init>(Socket.java:246)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.MonitorThread.run(MonitorThread.java:50)

jun 15, 2019 12:22:15 PO PODNE org.unibl.etf.mdp.util.Logger log
INFO: java.net.ConnectException: Connection timed out: connect
java.net.ConnectException: Connection timed out: connect
	at java.base/java.net.PlainSocketImpl.connect0(Native Method)
	at java.base/java.net.PlainSocketImpl.socketConnect(PlainSocketImpl.java:101)
	at java.base/java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl.doConnect(AbstractPlainSocketImpl.java:399)
	at java.base/java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl.connectToAddress(AbstractPlainSocketImpl.java:242)
	at java.base/java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl.connect(AbstractPlainSocketImpl.java:224)
	at java.base/java.net.SocksSocketImpl.connect(SocksSocketImpl.java:403)
	at java.base/java.net.Socket.connect(Socket.java:591)
	at java.base/java.net.Socket.connect(Socket.java:540)
	at java.base/java.net.Socket.<init>(Socket.java:436)
	at java.base/java.net.Socket.<init>(Socket.java:246)
	at org.unibl.etf.mdp.MonitorThread.run(MonitorThread.java:50)

